yeah all right Jay thanks to the
nomination make down just got your video
just got back from the gym pretty good
one today
now we'll see you Matt coming home
cracking a beard and just scale it
straight out of the fridge obviously
don't want to do that my body
temperatures already elevated from the
workout be your temperature down here so
you don't want to put the body into
shock what we got to do is somehow find
a way to get that beer up we're about so
I'm about 44 45 degrees best way to do
that
grab yourself a DB straight 9 bloke in
prover street named green necessity well
you want to do you want to pop medium
high so I just started here without
stoned on pan we don't want any remnants
of the beer sticking to the sides
obviously so hear that sizzle obviously
it's a super hot pan get a good broth
down here all we want to do is reduce
that to about the size with European
beer which is about 330 Mills while
that's on that can never have enough
salt any any form cookie while these
reductions go home on spring a little
bit of a ting crack the pepper really
and we're just gonna pop it onion in
there just for a bit of light up just
let that roll that round get all that
juice going now it wants to stick to the
sides but because of the quality of the
stone dawn pan that just doesn't have
the opportunity now the only one that
getting too hot of course and are
reducing that content of alcohol that
it's just about hot to touch now in that
pan what salty bottom Oh Madonn the self
but the edge of superfine is Padma rest
that down there they can come off the
heat now that's one enough can it
youngin sure I'm not going to just on
this occasion but I just want to pour
that lovely broth in there look at that
you can actually see the flame on it you
can see how much that pepper and salt
how that it there that is one hearty
broth
who say you can just feel that heat
coming through the glass here that is
perfect now it's ready to drink so see
in the bottom what would - that non-stop
fucked up e^x really it is actually
getting a love 8 my temperature and
possibly school miss right but you know
hmm
oh it's like a limp like burns
if anything the body temperatures rising
them so push it up hmm it's hot very hot
just call me Mommy has another dishes of
course good thing about cooling it down
also yet we'll be in the inside
yeah up to me and a half st. one
I'd like to nominate then you'll be
learning and if anyone can find you he's
not on Facebook at the moment big
Bassett because I want to sue you you
ladies scour to be my die that's ending
in a while
this is wild horses kitchen we'll see
you next time